# 9 Further Arrays

**to be committed by 7th April`**

1 Histogram   ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
2 LL Bank Accounts               ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
3 Post Codes   ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
4 Quiz Time  ${\color{blue}-- completed}$

Please replace ${\color{green}-- todo}$ with ${\color{blue}-- completed}$ once done.

---

For each question in the exercise, please either display the output generated by running the program, or the answer if the task is a question.

1 -
Enter a number between 1 and 100 (or press 0 to exit):

15
Enter a number between 1 and 100 (or press 0 to exit):
25
Enter a number between 1 and 100 (or press 0 to exit):
0
Histogram
1 - 10 |
11 - 20 | *
21 - 30 | *
31 - 40 |
41 - 50 |
51 - 60 |
61 - 70 |
71 - 80 |
81 - 90 |
91 - 100 |
---

2 -
Account created for Alice
Account created for Bob

Deposited $200.0 to Alice's account.
Withdrew $150.0 from Alice's account.
Insufficient funds for Alice.

Deposit amount must be positive.
Withdrew $50.0 from Bob's account.

Added 3.0% interest to all accounts.

Alice - Balance: $1081.50
Bob - Balance: $463.50
---

3 -
Enter up to 25 names and postal codes (first name, last name, postal code).
Type 'done' to stop entering data early.
Enter details for person 1 (First Name, Last Name, Postal Code): cindy	kell	3785
Enter details for person 2 (First Name, Last Name, Postal Code): ellisa	belle	4305
Enter details for person 3 (First Name, Last Name, Postal Code): kode	hell	8395
Enter details for person 4 (First Name, Last Name, Postal Code): done

List of People and their Postal Codes:
First Name	Last Name	Postal Code
cindy	kell	3785
ellisa	belle	4305
kode	hell	8395
---

4 -
Q1: How is a Variable declared?
Your answer: By specifying its name and type of information that it will hold
Correct!

Q2: How many Primitive Data types represent integers?
Your answer: 4
Correct!

Q3: Java was developed by which company?
Your answer: Sun Microsystems
Correct!

Q4: Is HTML considered a programming language? (yes/no)
Your answer: no
Correct!

Quiz finished! You got 4 out of 4 correct.
---



